on the arrival of this 5th stage
we were waiting for a sprint there was
actually this sprint a strict
shattering since a fall came
disrupt runners not all
first but those who were behind
and unfortunately nacer bouhanni who has
spent today a galley day
victims of gastric problems
the elastic behind the bunch all the
day was a victim of this fall
while he was probably thinking
does the hardest
nasser is touched he got up he is
currently in this bus or the
journalists behind me are trying
to wait for it and I think that in
a few moments we will have a
reaction of nacer bouhanni
the film
we see these blacks really spent a
courageous day
it's hard
its good
we saw a little while ago getting out of it
he seemed to be pretty
marked one can not argue with him no
because I'll have a bit by
was down on me I he was hurting
I left the doctors it's in their
work and the jelly but really
in addition so we'll know more tonight
do you feel that it is when
even disappointed I took these last days
the AC of the early very difficult when
we hit the ground we can be that
angry disappointed and then then the morale in
berne there is that on that side that's for sure
after that he's a sprinter and the
sprinters are recognized for many
of character and many envy so
that is logical that they are not
happy super choice to redo a
health and still nice arrivals for
respect is much less serious
that it looked to me that assures us the
on the finish line he has a
conclusion of square of the loins with a
modem
muscle mass we did radios
which show no lesions so that's
rather reassuring now he's going
have to manage the trauma the
disappointment
this is where the auction at 20th rank no no
it's a lot less serious than the
spectacular side could leave
to fear
and concerning the other problems of
health who have it we'll see he has he had
a gastro he has a good little gastro
which is a bit like cyclical
like that's okay and then that
woke up again
in the day well we go the army already a
walk is rather reassuring to see
standing like this and you are